Fix typos in ALIASED_LINE_WIDTH_RANGE (#33005)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/webgl_api/constants/index.md

      <td><code>ALIASED_LINE_WIDTH_RANGE</code></td>
      <td>0x846E</td>
      <td>
        Passed to <code>getParameter</code> to get the range of available widths for a line.

>         The method returns an array with two elements: index 0 contains the minimum width value and index 1 contains the maximum width value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The <code>getParameter</code> method then returns an array with two elements: the first element is the minimum width value and the second element is the maximum width value.
```

I mean, both of these are optional, especially "first element/second element". I do think it is worth restating the name of the method though. I don't like omitting the brackets on `getParameter` but we should leave it for consistency.

Author: Works for me. Thank you.
